docs(mention): 更新提及组件的说明文档 (#525)
TuSimple/naive-ui: src/mention/demos/enUS/index.demo-entry.md

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| autosize | `boolean \| { maxRows?: number, minRows?: number }` | `false` | Autosize. |

> | options | `MentionOption[]` | `[]` | Options list. |

Reviewer: Metion Options list

Author: 这个应该是mention吧

| type | `'input' \| 'textarea'` | `'input'` | Input type. |
| separator | `string` | `' '` | Char to split mentions whose length must be 1. |
| bordered | `boolean` | `true` | Whether to display the border of the input box. |
| disabled | `boolean` | `false` | Whether to set the input box to be disabled. |
| value | `string \| null` | `undefined` | Input value. |
| default-value | `string` | `''` | Input default value. |

> | loading | `boolean` | `false` | Whether it is displayed as loading. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| loading | `boolean` | `false` | Whether the selection panel of mentions shows the loading status. |
```
